Improve documentation (#130)
vtex-apps/my-account: docs/README.md

}
```

### Example

> You can see theese features in action by runing `vtex link` on the `my-account-extension-example` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see these features in action by running `vtex link` on the `my-account-extension-example` folder.
```
